Update README.md and Contributing guidelines (#8)
apache/arrow-rs-object-store: CONTRIBUTING.md

GOOGLE_SERVICE_ACCOUNT=/tmp/gcs.json \
cargo test -p object_store --features=gcp
```

# Deprecation Guidelines

Minor releases may deprecate, but not remove APIs. Deprecating APIs allows
downstream Rust programs to still compile, but generate compiler warnings. This
gives downstream crates time to migrate prior to API removal.

To deprecate an API:

> - Mark the API as deprecated using `#[deprecated]` and specify the exact arrow-rs version in which it was deprecated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Mark the API as deprecated using `#[deprecated]` and specify the exact object_store version in which it was deprecated
```

- Concisely describe the preferred API to help the user transition

The deprecated version is the next version which will be released (please
consult the list above). To mark the API as deprecated, use the
`#[deprecated(since = "...", note = "...")]` attribute.

> Foe example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example
```
